All of you might be knowing me directly or
indirectly because I've been helping out
for the claim and
other medical related issues me and my team so let's go through what we have thought about
your health and the benefits for
you before going further I would like you to
please download the P and Call All Take Care P
from G P store any you can scan the
bar code and start
downloading this P will give you benefits for
accessing your card and add on benefits
related to the free teleconference face
scanning report and tracking your claim
and many more
the name of the P is All Take Care
you can login by
your Apple code and OB date of birth let's go
further so the support you will get you will be getting
a support from Miss Uzma and you can even
connect with me for any health
related and any kind of support you
require for claim and reimbursement so
You can connect with me and you will be
receiving a welcome mailer where the all support
matrix will be there and my name and
my team name will be
mentioned you can take a pick and the same will be
circulated by mail to you so what do we
cover so in the medical we cover
everything and the minimum requirement for the
coverage for cashless is 24 hrs hospital is mandatory
and we cover the room rent medicine surgery and
the hospital expenses
so as we know that the coverages are based on
the grade basis so we have covered age per the
grade that is the 5 lakh and 7 lakh of coverage to all the
specific
employees as the family definition says that employee spouse
and two kids can be
covered in under this policy and this policy
is a floater policy floater policy is
basically if you are covered with ₹ lakh then the
whole family will be covered with  ₹ Lakh It is
not individual if some person is getting his/her family
and they have claim lakh then the lakh will
be remaining for the whole family so if you have any
policy you can use it for your
family pre and post hospitalization because we understand
that disease doesn't come in one day it takes
time to develop in your body and it takes time
to get cured so when ever you are
planning to get
hospitalized your all the expenses prior
to hospitalization prior to 60 days of
hospitalization will be covered under this
policy and after the hospitalization 90 days
of follow up charges medicine and everything will be
covered in this policy you have to
reverse this once you complete the 90 days of
after
hospitalization each and every disease will be
covered in this policy so no question asked what ever you have been
diagnosed everything will be
covered under this  There is
no waiting period in the policy and we will talk about
the maturity the normal maturity coverage is ₹
5000 and the caesarean is ₹
0000 up to two children the room rent
we talk about is ₹ 000 will be the room rent
for you all and % of the what ever the coverage you have been
given to and there is no capping on
any of the diseases you can opt for if you have any kind
of v se if it is a catarg disease
related to eyes disease related to kidney there
is no capping you can fully avail this
facility for the
coverage we cover almost everything what we don't
cover is basically stepto plasty is
alignment of your nose that comes in to
beautification if infertility and male
sterility treatment of any kind of
experiment to
the body it is not covered in the policy
from IVF  Even it is not
covered administration charges will not be
covered prosthesis i.e. any kind of
artificial body part if someone's
hand is
cut or something has happened to them to get
artificial hand is not covered in this
policy it is not covered basically making
house look like ICU that is not covered
in this
policy so we do cover the COVID also if there is any
requirement for the home home
care you can take a coverage from the home
also you can take it from home there is no
problem but if it is required then only other wise
you have to get
hospitalized basic documents are
required
so the nasal expenses sinus if someone gets
any operation done then it is only 000
covered under the policy and pre and post which
if a child
needs some extra vaccination then it is
only covered advanced treatment for the advanced
treatment only 50% of the coverage will be
Covered advance treatment is something that is
painless I will give you example what
is advance conventionally something when there
is a baby and you give a vaccination there are two
types of vaccination one vaccination comes
with a pain when you give a vaccination to the
baby yno it pains like anything and the baby
gets fever for three or four days and the other
vaccination is dozen pain when you give a baby a
vaccination that dozen pain so the pain and
painless this the pain one is conventional that will be
covered and the painless cost you a lot
painless thing costs you 1500 the painless thing
costs you 000 so we always cover conventional if it is
going for robotic treatment only
the 50% cost will be covered under this
policy jamja disease agar bachpan se kisi ko kuch
problem hai woh bhi cover karna hoga
no question ask let's talk
about the claim re-
imbursement part after the  Yes sir,
if you do it painless then you will
not get it sir, only
the conventional is
covered, whatever is there, you will
get the full amount sir,
yes sir it does not happen like that, that comes
in twos, conventional, this was just an example, if I tell you that someone goes for kidney operation, there are two types of operations, a normal conventional one is done,
you know they do not use robotic
arms, normal operation is done by cutting you,
the conventional one is done, you will have to
stay in the hospital for two days because people
avoid that I should not have pain, I got
admitted today, after the operation I will go straight home, so
people think that if you
want that without pain, I got the operation done today and
woke up the next morning and went home, then you have to pay a cost, then
it is a cost, so if you get any
robotic treatment done, the
claim amount will be only Rs 50 and conventional
you will have to stay in the hospital for only one more day
and then you will be
fine for the reimbursement part, you have to send
all the documents  To our Hyderabad
office the address is mentioned and even the same will be
in the mail also welcome mailer cashless
benefit the time you get in the hospital you
have to show your card and then and there everything will get process
automatically so if it goes more than three hours because we
work on AI so everything is
first settled the first amount of token
amount of treatment will get approved in
36 seconds and the maximum takes three hours
if three hours above anyone has some problem
inside medical treatment then you
can connect with my team we have an inhouse
settlement team so we don't outsource anything
so we can get it done within 20 minutes the
time you give a
call all the rebus ment doc document
original documents are compulsory when you go
for reimbursement so
and the original bills please make sure jab
bhi apne kisi ki document toh woh duri signed
by hospital hona  It should have a stamp
and your claim form should also be properly filled
in case of accidental claim. If any
kind of accidental claim comes, then
we pass this claim only on the basis of
medical legal certificate and FIR. If
we come to know in any report that
you are unconscious or you have met with an accident after drink and
drive, then that
claim will stand
rejected. The most
beautiful feature of this product is that in this you can take care of yourself in a warehouse, that
is eight times in
a year for your family. If you face any problem at any time in 24 hours, even at
night,
then you can call the doctor and
consult him and get the medicine.
That is through voice and video chat, that
is applicable through this app and you will be
given the medicine, the prescription will be visible to
your patient. This app and even it will be sent to
your registered mail ID, so you can get the medicine.
You don't have it now, in many things it happens
that at the young age we might
feel acidity or have a heart attack, we
never know because the pain is the same, we have been, we have
faced this thing, so you need to
discuss this with the professionals, if anything happens to
anyone, don't just go and
take the medicine, this facility is
complimentary, you can use this facility
and take use of this, having the
right medicine will keep you fit, rather than if a
heart attack comes, if someone drinks water, it will
go on a worse stage, so it is better to consult
a
doctor, so this will give you access to
claim, you can track your claim, it is a
real time claim tracking device, you
can do
everything from there, your card number will be visible in it, everything,
family profiling, everything, the second thing which we have
launched in
the year 2019 is a face scanning feature where
everyone will know about it during Covid.
Has this, everyone had to use an oximeter to check
how much
oxygen is there in the body or what is the stress level,
through this you can face your scan for one
minute and you can get this report, this
report is 95 percent
accurate and this report can be shared
to the doctor if it is an
emergency, only on the basis of
emergency you can because if you visit a
doctor and you get it checked here only the BP
you have to pay approximations
is easily available for you for all the JR's
employees so please use this feature you are even
covered under the personal accident insurance where
the coverage is graded so if in
case you might be travelling here and there this
is 24 hours feature which is there
for you so in case of death your
family and the nominee will be getting 100% of
the amount in case suppose someone loses both their
hands or two eyes and cannot see.
If your normal life style gets spoiled then
in that case also
your family gets the entire money so you don't have to worry in that
case and secondly if you lose one of the
lims and one eye in that case 50 per cent of the
amount will be given to you all a
khudana khas if someone means someone has met
with an accident and something happens
then the responsibility of taking his body from that location to his home
is also of the insurance company so that will also be fully covered under it so
you don't have to worry if we missing someone
from the family is a very bad thing
but still a support from the
company is even appreciable in some manner that is what
JRK have thought for you all
we have talked about survival now it is about if something goes wrong
and someone from our life goes away then
we have to have a coverage for
your
family as I said that this is grade basis on
yours if someone dies any all
Kind of death is covered in this policy
from the very first day Group Term Life
Under this your family will get the full benefit
if someone has a cover of 25, 35 or 50 lakhs
if something happens any natural death any
kind of death the entire money is
given to your family whoever you nominate
your family will be secure in this in
case something like this happens so you don't have to worry
the bad thing and just want to tell you
suicide it is even covered from the very first
day just for the information please don't use that
ok and the claim settlement claim settlement
time is three days whenever something like this happens
in your life so this
information is for you and for your family
also that you tell them that this claim will be
settled in three days and the
personal accident claim that takes
40 days to get settled down
if you have any
problem yes sir yes everything is covered sir  Yes yes yes yes
sir medical benefit everything is covered from
day one no question ask the disease
whatever the previous diseases are, all are covered in it
from day one and we have launched a very good thing we have been
working this project from last
18 months in India we call it
Any Where Hospitalization Any Where
cashless if suppose you are living in the city
if your family is living somewhere outside so we have so
if any of you is
going to that hospital in which
ICICI Lombard does not have a tie up then
also you can get treatment in that hospital
we will make it cashless you have to inform us 24
hours in advance you have to make a call you have to send us a
message or mail so you don't have to pay you just have to let us know
we will get it
on board within 24 hours you will not have to
pay any money we will settle it in cashless
and this has been accepted by the
Government of India and today that is
because of ICC Group  It has been mandated all over India
that every company will
get cashless facility if there is a tie up with the hospital
or not they have to give
cashless facility to all the individuals and
the corporate clients
so any query you can please ask me and you can give
me call any
time sorry
so if you have any queries you can drop us on
mail and you can just give us a call ladies you
can give call to Uzma she can help you out
with the queries this is my this my number
and my team number is there on the screen you
can connect with us any moment of
time yes sir
my left eye was transplanted 1
year ago and I had just consulted the doctor
about 6 months ago he said that
transplant will have to be done again there is
no vision ok in the left eye so will it cover
your medical report bchkar kar kar kar kar eye
treatment is covered in this
policy but then it depends on case to case
basis once you share your medical report with us then your eye will actually be covered
Give you an
idea and sir dental ok good question
dental and beautification is not covered under this
policy and if it is a hair treatment
skin treatment
dental none of the policy covers this treatment
under the
policy guys any questions please do up you can ask him question if you have any
doubts instead of discussing with
yourself you can ask him the question just raise your hand anyone has a
doubt one more advice is for all of you
because you are using ICI Labad policy
so wherever you are working in your company
just for the safer side for you, for your
colleague and for all of you you can find the
name of 10 hospitals because our application has
a function which will help you to locate
the nearby
hospital you can see this network network
is written below network, on clicking there it will
tell you
which hospital is within 27 km of your location which is
M panel in ICICI Labad so I want you all
to write down  The name of the hospital should be known to
your colleagues in the company you are working in,
or you can
write it on a board or save it somewhere on your mobile. The
second thing I also want you to do is
use this when you go to your home and tell your family members
that these are all the hospitals. In
case of emergency, you can go there. You don't have to give
me a call. If you have
kept the address, write down the name of three or four hospitals, write down the
phone number, write down the address.
You can connect with the doctor. You
can go there directly. In case of emergency, you don't have to give us a
call and anybody. So this is
the general advice to you. In case of
emergency, so any questions, I hope if there is
no question, then that is fine. If
anyone has any issue due to medical treatment,
then you can connect with
me directly and you can connect with us on
our call center number. So 247, you can give me
a call. There is no issue.  I will be answering a
call ok because it's an emergency and we
understand the emergency fine thank you
for calling me here and thanks for the
opportunity to present myself here
thank you